Let's dive in and
start on part one, understanding.
We're gonna look at three
things as part of part one.
First, we're gonna talk about
psychology a little bit.
We're gonna do a psycho 101 course,
specifically about how people
think about performance.
And I'm gonna give you some homework, some
exercises that we're gonna do together.
So that you can understand
what those performance mean,
and how does that tie into the metrics
that we're going to attach.
Then we're gonna talk about those metrics.
We're gonna talk about
measuring that performance, and
the different aspects of
how fast the site is.
And then we're gonna talk
a little bit about statistics.
And we're gonna look at how you think
about the data that you collect from those
metrics.
All right, why is performance important?
Clearly, a whole bunch of
you think it's important
because you're here today with me,
but objectively why do we care?
And it would be remiss of me not to
point out the plethora of studies out
there from lots of different
organizations to talk about.
Hey, we improved load time of our site by
one second and we got 2% more revenue.
Yep, that's great.
Or another site that says, hey,
we rose our conversion rate by 18%
by dropping our load times cool or
CloudFlare, saying, hey,
here's all of these sites.
And when you hit these different load
times your conversion rates go up and
down by various different percentiles.
Of course, these are all companies and
consultancies and products that
build their brands on performance and
helping you do performance.
So you got to take all of these studies
with a little bit of grain of salt.
And any chart you see about this,
you do need to kind of consider
here's a chart that I really like.
Now, this is a chart that plots the global
average temperature versus the number
of pirates in the world.
And we see that there's a direct
correlation that as the number of pirates
has fallen,
the global temperature has gone up.
And so clearly this means that global
warming is caused by our lack of pirates.
But of course,
that's ridiculous because we need to
remember as we see these statistics.
The correlation is not the same
thing as causation and
that these are very complex
systems that we're talking about.
And usually there's no one metric
that perfectly correlates with or
that perfectly causes another.
And so, anytime we're thinking about this,
we have to bring some skepticism to it and
critically analyze our thinking.
All right, more important than those
studies are two very important reasons
the performance is important.
And the first is because Google says so.
And that's really important
because whether we like it or
not, Google owns a big
portion of the Internet.
And they have stated that
coming this year in 2021,
they are going to break your sites
base on your performance course.
And so if you have bad performing sites,
starting this year,
you're gonna start losing customers,
losing clicks directly from Google
search results, which is a big deal.
It's a really big deal, it's going
to make or break a lot of companies,
a lot of, Travel websites.
Is gonna break a lot of content sites
that put too many ads on their screen.
It's probably gonna break some advertising
providers that can't get their stuff out
fast enough.
But focusing on performance,
especially right now,
is really, really important and
so I'm glad you're all here.
Google cares about this a lot, for the
same reason, you should care about this
a lot and that's the second
reason we care about performance.
It's because angry and frustrated users,
because you're taking too long to show
them their stuff, won't stick around long.
If your site's a low value thing,
like a content site,
they might leave they might go,
I'm gonna do something else.
If it's a high value, like a service and
application they're in,
they're gonna slowly look for alternatives
or a competitor might come along, and
if they can be a little bit faster,
you'll lose them.
This is why Google thinks it's really
important to rank your sites this way and
why your business is gonna be dependent on
how fast you can get your app to perform.